[DOC] update the download page for 2504 release [skip ci] (#12497)
NVIDIA/spark-rapids: docs/download.md

that uses the RAPIDS Accelerator For Apache Spark. See the [getting-started
guide](https://docs.nvidia.com/spark-rapids/user-guide/latest/getting-started/overview.html) for more details.

## Release v25.04.0
### Hardware Requirements:

> The plugin is tested on the following architectures:

Reviewer: Suggested replacement for text lines 24-26: 

```
The plugin is designed to work on NVIDIA Volta, Turing, Ampere, Ada Lovelace, Hopper and Blackwell generation datacenter GPUs.  The plugin jar is tested on the following GPUs:

	GPU Models: NVIDIA V100, T4, A10, A100, L4, H100 and B100 GPUs
```

Author: updated

		Databricks 11.3 ML LTS (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.3.0)
		Databricks 12.2 ML LTS (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.3.2)
		Databricks 13.3 ML LTS (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.4.1)
		Databricks 14.3 ML LTS (GPU, Scala 2.12, Spark 3.5.0)
	

> 	Supported Dataproc versions (Debian/Ubuntu/Rocky):

Reviewer: Do we need to add support for Dataproc Serverless 1.2? https://cloud.google.com/dataproc-serverless/docs/concepts/versions/spark-runtime-1.2

Author: updated

| x86_64    | Scala 2.12    | [RAPIDS Accelerator v25.04.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.04.0.jar) | [Signature](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.04.0.jar.asc) |
| x86_64    | Scala 2.13    | [RAPIDS Accelerator v25.04.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.13/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.04.0.jar) | [Signature](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.13/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.04.0.jar.asc) |
| arm64     | Scala 2.12    | [RAPIDS Accelerator v25.04.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.04.0-cuda11-arm64.jar) | [Signature](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.12/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.04.0-cuda11-arm64.jar.asc) |
| arm64     | Scala 2.13    | [RAPIDS Accelerator v25.04.0](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.13/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.04.0-cuda11-arm64.jar) | [Signature](https://repo1.maven.org/maven2/com/nvidia/rapids-4-spark_2.13/25.04.0/rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.04.0-cuda11-arm64.jar.asc) |

> This package is built against CUDA 11.8. It is tested on V100, T4, A10, A100, L4 and H100 GPUs with 
> CUDA 11.8 through CUDA 12.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is built against CUDA 11.8. It is tested on V100, T4, A10, A100, L4, H100 and GB100 GPUs with 
CUDA 11.8 and CUDA 12.8.  
```

* Download the [PUB_KEY](https://keys.openpgp.org/search?q=sw-spark@nvidia.com).
* Import the public key: `gpg --import PUB_KEY`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.12 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.04.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.12-25.04.0.jar`
* Verify the signature for Scala 2.13 jar:
    `gpg --verify rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.04.0.jar.asc rapids-4-spark_2.13-25.04.0.jar`

The output of signature verify:

	gpg: Good signature from "NVIDIA Spark (For the signature of spark-rapids release jars) <sw-spark@nvidia.com>"

### Release Notes

> * Support group by on binary type for databricks
> * Support ArrayPosition function for databricks
> * Support Databricks 14.3 ML LTS
> * Refine split-retry logs when out of memory happens to expose the real reason
> * Allow BigSizedJoinIterator#buildPartitioner to produce more sub-partitions to avoid CudfColumnSizeOverflowException
> * Fix a hanging issue for Python UDF in spark 4.0.0
> * Fix a device memory leak when re-partitioning in GpuSubPartitionHashJoin
> 
> Note: There is a known issue in the 25.04.0 release when decompressing gzip files on H100 GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support TruncDate, MonthsBetween
* Support group by on binary type 
* Support ArrayPosition function 
* Support Databricks 14.3 ML LTS
* Enable from_json by default
* Refine split-retry logs when out of memory happens to expose more details
* Allow BigSizedJoinIterator#buildPartitioner to produce more sub-partitions to avoid CudfColumnSizeOverflowException

Note: There is a known issue in the 25.04.0 release when decompressing gzip files on H100 GPUs.
```

> * Support group by on binary type for databricks
> * Support ArrayPosition function for databricks
> * Support Databricks 14.3 ML LTS
> * Refine split-retry logs when out of memory happens to expose the real reason
> * Allow BigSizedJoinIterator#buildPartitioner to produce more sub-partitions to avoid CudfColumnSizeOverflowException
> * Fix a hanging issue for Python UDF in spark 4.0.0
> * Fix a device memory leak when re-partitioning in GpuSubPartitionHashJoin
> 
> Note: There is a known issue in the 25.04.0 release when decompressing gzip files on H100 GPUs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support approx_count_distinct
* Support group by on binary type 
* Support ArrayPosition function 
* Support Slice
* Support Databricks 14.3 ML LTS
* Enable Hive text writer
* Refine split-retry logs when out of memory happens to expose the real reason
* Allow BigSizedJoinIterator#buildPartitioner to produce more sub-partitions to avoid CudfColumnSizeOverflowException

Note: There is a known issue in the 25.04.0 release when decompressing gzip files on H100 GPUs.
```
